add doc describing Busola features (#603)
kyma-project/busola: docs/features.md

---

> title: Features

Reviewer: Maybe better use feature flags? We have more features probably in busola than in this doc.

Author: Maybe both? "Features and feature flags"?

---

> Below you can find a description of all the features that are available in Busola dashboard and their configuration examples:

Author: Maybe both? "Features and feature flags"?

Default settings:

```bash
"API_GATEWAY ":{
  "isEnabled": true,
  "selectors":[
    {
      "type":"apiGroup",
      "apiGroup":"gateway.kyma-project.io"
    }
  ]
},
```

- **APPLICATIONS** – is used to show or hide the Applications view as well as to define which Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) are required for the view to be shown properly.
  For the view to be shown, the feature must be enabled and all CRDs, defined in the selectors array, must exist in a cluster.

Default settings:

```bash
"APPLICATIONS":{
  "isEnabled": true,
  "selectors":[
    {
      "type":"apiGroup",
      "apiGroup":"applicationconnector.kyma-project.io"
    }
  ]
},
```

- **BTP_CATALOG** – is used to show or hide the BTP Catalog view as well as to define which Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) are required for the view to be shown properly.
  For the view to be shown, the feature must be enabled, and all CRDs, defined in the selectors array, must exist in a cluster.

Default settings:

```bash
"BTP_CATALOG":{
  "isEnabled": true,
  "selectors":[
    {
      "type":"apiGroup",
      "apiGroup":"services.cloud.sap.com"
    }
  ]
},
```

> - **CUSTOM_DOMAINS** – is responsible for displaying views of components such as DNS entries, DNS providers, gateways, issuers and certificates. Its functions can be visible only if all Custom Resource Defintions, defined in the selectors array, exist in a cluster.

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be DNS Entries, DNS Providers, Gateways, Issuers and Certificates?

Author: I will change it.

Default settings:

```bash
"CUSTOM_DOMAINS": {
  "isEnabled": true,
  "selectors": [
    {
      "type": "apiGroup",
      "apiGroup": "dns.gardener.cloud"
    }
  ]
},
```

- **EVENTING** – is used to show or hide the Eventing view as well as to define which Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) are required for the view to be shown properly.
  For the view to be shown, the feature must be enabled and all CRDs, defined in the selectors array, must exist in a cluster.

Default settings:

```bash
"EVENTING ":{
  "isEnabled": true,
  "selectors":[
    {
      "type":"apiGroup",
      "apiGroup":"eventing.kyma-project.io"
    }
  ]
},
```

> - **KUBECONFIG_ID** – is used to configure URL to which Busola sends a request to download a kubeconfig file. If we add kubeconfigID={your ID} to the Busola URL then Busola tries to download the kubeconfig from the {kubeconfigUrl}/{yourID} and, if succedded, will add a cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **KUBECONFIG_ID** – is used to configure URL to which Busola sends a request to download a kubeconfig file. If we add `?kubeconfigID={your ID}` to the Busola URL then Busola tries to download the kubeconfig from the {kubeconfigUrl}/{yourID} and, if succedded, will add a cluster.
```

  You can introduce the whole address in the kubeconfigUrl which will also be read by Busola.

Default settings:

```bash
"KUBECONFIG_ID": {
 "isEnabled": true,
 "config": {
   "kubeconfigUrl": "https://kyma-env-broker.cp.dev.kyma.cloud.sap/kubeconfig"
 }
},
```

> - **LEGAL_LINKS** – is used to show or hide legal links. In config you can find the unchangeable keys (you cannot use legalDisclosure instead of legal-disclosure). The keys include the default link, which takes you to the default address, and a link that depends on your chosen language, for example:

Reviewer: Maybe we should provide list of all possible links to configure?

Author: I will provide all the links in the example.

Defualt settings:

```bash
"OBSERVABILITY": {
 "isEnabled": true,
 "config": {
   "links": [
     {
       "label": "Grafana",
       "path": "apis/networking.istio.io/v1beta1/namespaces/kyma-system/virtualservices/monitoring-grafana"
     },
     {
       "label": "Kiali",
       "path": "apis/networking.istio.io/v1beta1/namespaces/kyma-system/virtualservices/kiali"
     },
     {
       "label": "Tracing",
       "path": "apis/networking.istio.io/v1beta1/namespaces/kyma-system/virtualservices/tracing"
     }
   ]
 }
}
```

- **PROTECTED_RESOURCES** – is used to block the edit and delete functions based on the determined rules. If the resource meets the rule requirements, the resource becomes protected and cannot be edited/deleted.
  Each resource must have a match field, which is the list of key-value pairs. The proper rule description is when the definition given in the key matches the value.

>   Optionally you can provide a message parameter, which displays a simple message, or messageSrc, which is a yaml path where the message to be displayed is included. If neither message nor messageSrc is provided, a generic message will be used.

Reviewer: What is generic message?

Author: That is a good question :) Maybe Kuba can help us with that.

Reviewer 2: It looks like there's no generic message - it should be `common.protected-resource`, but this key is not present in translations...

Reviewer: I think we should document it and add the generic message.

---
title: Feature flags
---

Below you can find a description of all the feature flags that are available in Busola dashboard and their configuration examples:

> **TIP:** The list is ordered alphabetically.

> - **ADD_CLUSTER_DISABLED** – is used to enable or disable adding a cluster. If the function is enabled, you can only add your cluster in the BTP cockpit using the KUBECONFIG_ID feature. Link to the cockpit is configured under cockpitUrl.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **ADD_CLUSTER_DISABLED** – is used to enable or disable adding a cluster. If the function is enabled, you can only add your cluster from BTP cockpit using the KUBECONFIG_ID feature. Link to the cockpit is configured under cockpitUrl.
```

Default settings:

```bash
"ADD_CLUSTER_DISABLED":{
  "isEnabled": false,
  "config": {
    "cockpitUrl":"https://account.staging.hanavlab.ondemand.com/cockpit"
  }
},
```

- **ADDONS** – is used to show or hide the Addons view as well as to define which Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) are required for the view to be shown properly.
  For the view to be shown, the feature must be enabled and all CRDs, defined in the selectors array, must exist in a cluster.

Default settings:

```bash
"ADDONS ":{
  "isEnabled": true,
  "selectors":[
    {
      "type":"apiGroup",
      "apiGroup":"addons.kyma-project.io"
    }
  ]
},
```

> - **API_GATEWAY** – is used to show or hide the Api Gateway view as well as to define which Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) are required for the view to be shown properly.

Reviewer 3: API_GATEWAY is also used to determine if we should display Api Gateway list on functions and service details

Default settings:

```bash
"APPLICATIONS":{
  "isEnabled": true,
  "selectors":[
    {
      "type":"apiGroup",
      "apiGroup":"applicationconnector.kyma-project.io"
    }
  ]
},
```

- **BTP_CATALOG** – is used to show or hide the BTP Catalog view as well as to define which Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) are required for the view to be shown properly.
  For the view to be shown, the feature must be enabled, and all CRDs, defined in the selectors array, must exist in a cluster.

Default settings:

```bash
"BTP_CATALOG":{
  "isEnabled": true,
  "selectors":[
    {
      "type":"apiGroup",
      "apiGroup":"services.cloud.sap.com"
    }
  ]
},
```

- **CUSTOM_DOMAINS** – is responsible for displaying views of DNS Entry, DNS Provider, Gateway, Issuer and Certificate. Its functions can be visible only if all Custom Resource Defintions, defined in the selectors array, exist in a cluster.

Default settings:

```bash
"CUSTOM_DOMAINS": {
  "isEnabled": true,
  "selectors": [
    {
      "type": "apiGroup",
      "apiGroup": "dns.gardener.cloud"
    }
  ]
},
```

> - **EVENTING** – is used to show or hide the Eventing view as well as to define which Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) are required for the view to be shown properly.

Reviewer 3: EVENTING is also used to determine if we should display Event Subscriptions on functions and service details

},
```

- **LEGAL_LINKS** – is used to show or hide legal links. You can find all available links in the below example.  
  In config you can find the unchangeable keys (you cannot use legalDisclosure instead of legal-disclosure). The keys include the default link, which takes you to the default address, and a link that depends on your chosen language.

Example:

```bash
"LEGAL_LINKS": {
  "config": {
    "legal-disclosure": {
      "default": "https://www.sap.com/corporate/en/legal/impressum.html",
      "de": "https://www.sap.com/corporate/de/legal/impressum.html"
    },
    "privacy": {
      "default": "https://help.sap.com/viewer/82bdf2271c6041f79387c122147cf774/Cloud/en-US"
    },
    "copyright": {
      "default": "https://www.sap.com/corporate/en/legal/copyright.html",
      "de": "https://www.sap.com/corporate/de/legal/copyright.html"
    },
      "trademark": {
        "default": "https://www.sap.com/corporate/en/legal/trademark.html",
        "de": "https://www.sap.com/corporate/de/legal/trademark.html"
    }
  }
},
```

A link under the given key will be selected based on your language code (de, en, pl, etc.), If the code is not available, the default link is used.

> - **OBSERVABILITY** – is used to render a few nodes in the navigation. The label shows the name of the given service. The path is used by Busola during the bootstrapping. Busola sends a request to the cluster address + the path and the cluster must return the virtualService object. If the object is found you receive an address to which the node in the navigation leads.

Reviewer 3: Do we want to specify that the address you receive is a host from the virtual service object?

Should it be `VirtualService`?

Reviewer 2: I'd leave that technical detail here, as it's not likely to change.

Of course, you're right with the upper-casing.

        "messageSrc": "$.metadata.annotations.protected-message"
      },
      {
        "match": {
          "$.metadata.labels.foo": "bar"
        }
        # if neither "message" or "messageSrc" is given, a generic message will be used (from i18n files - key: common.protected-resource)
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

The match keys and messageSrc must use format as described at
<https://github.com/dchester/jsonpath>.

- **SENTRY** – is used to enable monitoring of uncaught exceptions, which then are analyzed and repaired. The address to which you send the information is located under the dsn key.

Default settings:

```bash
"SENTRY ":{
  "isEnabled": false,
  "selectors":[ ],
  "config": {
    "dsn":""
  }
},
```

- **SERVERLESS** – is used to show or hide the Serverless view as well as to define which Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) are required for the view to be shown properly.
  For the view to be shown, the feature must be enabled and all CRDs, defined in the selectors array, must exist in a cluster.

Default settings:

```bash
"SERVERLESS ":{
  "isEnabled": true,
  "selectors":[
    {
      "type":"apiGroup",
      "apiGroup":"serverless.kyma-project.io"
    }
  ]
},
```

> - **SERVICE_CATALOG** – is used to show or hide the Service Catalog view as well as to define which Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) are required for the view to be shown properly.

Reviewer 3: **SERVICE_CATALOG** – is used to show or hide the Service Catalog views (Catalog, Instances and Brokers) 

SERVICE_CATALOG and SERVICE_CATALOG_ADDONS are also used to determine it the following components should be displayed.

FUNCTIONS_VIEW:
Service Bindings (in Configuration Tab)
Environment variables injected by the Service Bindings (in Code Tab)

    }
  ]
},
```

- **KUBECONFIG_ID** – is used to configure URL to which Busola sends a request to download a kubeconfig file. If we add `?kubeconfigID={your ID}` to the Busola URL then Busola tries to download the kubeconfig from the {kubeconfigUrl}/{yourID} and, if succedded, will add a cluster.
  You can introduce the whole address in the kubeconfigUrl which will also be read by Busola.

Default settings:

```bash
"KUBECONFIG_ID": {
 "isEnabled": true,
 "config": {
   "kubeconfigUrl": "https://kyma-env-broker.cp.dev.kyma.cloud.sap/kubeconfig"
 }
},
```

- **LEGAL_LINKS** – is used to show or hide legal links. You can find all available links in the below example.  
In config you can find the unchangeable keys (you cannot use legalDisclosure instead of legal-disclosure). The keys include the default link, which takes you to the default address, and a link that depends on your chosen language.

Example:

```bash
"LEGAL_LINKS": {
  "config": {
    "legal-disclosure": {
      "default": "https://www.sap.com/corporate/en/legal/impressum.html",
      "de": "https://www.sap.com/corporate/de/legal/impressum.html"
    },
    "privacy": {
      "default":

>                   "https://help.sap.com/viewer/82bdf2271c6041f79387c122147cf774/Cloud/en-US"

Reviewer: Remove not needed spaces.

  Each resource must have a match field, which is the list of key-value pairs. The proper rule description is when the definition given in the key matches the value.

  Optionally you can provide a message parameter, which displays a simple message, or messageSrc, which is a yaml path where the message to be displayed is included. If neither message nor messageSrc is provided, a generic message will be used.

Example:

```bash
"PROTECTED_RESOURCES": {
  "isEnabled":true,
  "config": {
    "resources": [
      {
        # matches a resource with label "foo" equal to "bar"
        "match": {
          "$.metadata.labels.foo": "bar"
        },
        # message to display in the tooltip
        "message": "This resource is protected"
      },
      {
        # matches a resource with both label "foo" equal to "bar" and label "baz" equal to "qux"
        "match": {
          "$.metadata.labels.foo": "bar",
          "$.metadata.labels.baz": "qux"
        },
        # source of the message to display in the tooltip
        "messageSrc": "$.metadata.annotations.protected-message"
      },
      {
        "match": {
          "$.metadata.labels.foo": "bar"
        }

>         # if neither "message" or "messageSrc" is given, a generic message will be used (from i18n files)

Reviewer: Please provide the key from i18n files.

  Default settings:

  ```bash
  "API_GATEWAY ":{
    "isEnabled": true,
    "selectors":[
      {
        "type":"apiGroup",
        "apiGroup":"gateway.kyma-project.io"
      }
    ]
  },
  ```

- **APPLICATIONS** – is used to show or hide the Applications view and to define which CRDs are required for the view to be shown properly.  
  For the view to be shown, you must enable the feature. Moreover, all the CRDs defined in the selectors array must exist in a cluster.

  Default settings:

  ```bash
  "APPLICATIONS":{
    "isEnabled": true,
    "selectors":[
      {
        "type":"apiGroup",
        "apiGroup":"applicationconnector.kyma-project.io"
      }
    ]
  },
  ```

- **BTP_CATALOG** – is used to show or hide the BTP Catalog view and to define which CRDs are required for the view to be shown properly.  
  For the view to be shown, you must enable the feature. Moreover, all the CRDs defined in the selectors array must exist in a cluster.

  Default settings:

  ```bash
  "BTP_CATALOG":{
    "isEnabled": true,
    "selectors":[
      {
        "type":"apiGroup",
        "apiGroup":"services.cloud.sap.com"
      }
    ]
  },
  ```

> - **CUSTOM_DOMAINS** – is responsible for displaying views of DNS Entry, DNS Provider, Gateway, Issuer and Certificate. For the view to be shown, you must enable the feature. Moreover, all the CRDs defined in the selectors array must exist in a cluster.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **CUSTOM_DOMAINS** – enables the DNS Entry, DNS Provider, Gateway, Issuer, and Certificate views. 
   For the view to be shown, you must enable the feature. Moreover, all the CRDs defined in the selectors array must exist in a cluster.
```
Or you can stick to the commonly used version in the doc: 

```suggestion
- **CUSTOM_DOMAINS** – is used to show or hide the DNS Entry, DNS Provider, Gateway, Issuer, and Certificate views. 
   For the view to be shown, you must enable the feature. Moreover, all the CRDs defined in the selectors array must exist in a cluster.
```

  Default settings:

  ```bash
  "CUSTOM_DOMAINS": {
    "isEnabled": true,
    "selectors": [
      {
        "type": "apiGroup",
        "apiGroup": "dns.gardener.cloud"
      }
    ]
  },
  ```

- **EVENTING** – is used to show or hide the Eventing view and to define which CRDs are required for the view to be shown properly.  
  It is also used to determine if the Event Subscriptions should be displayed in Function and Service details.  
  For the view to be shown, you must enable the feature. Moreover, all the CRDs defined in the selectors array must exist in a cluster.

  Default settings:

  ```bash
  "EVENTING ":{
    "isEnabled": true,
    "selectors":[
      {
        "type":"apiGroup",
        "apiGroup":"eventing.kyma-project.io"
      }
    ]
  },
  ```

> - **KUBECONFIG_ID** – is used to configure the URL to which Busola sends a request to download a kubeconfig file. If you add `?kubeconfigID={your ID}` to the Busola URL, Busola tries to download the kubeconfig from the {kubeconfigUrl}/{yourID} . If the operation succeeds, Busola adds the kubeconfing file to the cluster.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **KUBECONFIG_ID** – is used to configure the URL to which Busola sends a request to download a kubeconfig file. If you add `?kubeconfigID={your ID}` to the Busola URL, Busola tries to download the kubeconfig from `{kubeconfigUrl}/{yourID}`. If the operation succeeds, Busola adds the kubeconfing file to the cluster.
```

  If you use a full address in the **kubeconfigUrl** field, Busola also reads it.

  Default settings:

  ```bash
  "KUBECONFIG_ID": {
   "isEnabled": true,
   "config": {
     "kubeconfigUrl": "https://kyma-env-broker.cp.dev.kyma.cloud.sap/kubeconfig"
   }
  },
  ```

- **LEGAL_LINKS** – is used to show or hide legal links. You can find the all available links in the below example.  

>   In **config** you can find the unchangeable keys (you cannot use **legalDisclosure** instead of **legal-disclosure**). The keys include the default link, which takes you to the default address, and a link that depends on your chosen language.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  In **config** you can find the unchangeable keys (you cannot use **legalDisclosure** instead of **legal-disclosure**). The keys include both the default link, which takes you to the default address, and a link that depends on your chosen language.
```

  Example:

  ```bash
  "LEGAL_LINKS": {
    "config": {
      "legal-disclosure": {
        "default": "https://www.sap.com/corporate/en/legal/impressum.html",
        "de": "https://www.sap.com/corporate/de/legal/impressum.html"
      },
      "privacy": {
        "default": "https://help.sap.com/viewer/82bdf2271c6041f79387c122147cf774/Cloud/en-US"
      },
      "copyright": {
        "default": "https://www.sap.com/corporate/en/legal/copyright.html",
        "de": "https://www.sap.com/corporate/de/legal/copyright.html"
      },
        "trademark": {
          "default": "https://www.sap.com/corporate/en/legal/trademark.html",
          "de": "https://www.sap.com/corporate/de/legal/trademark.html"
      }
    }
  },
  ```

> A link under the given key is selected based on your language code (de, en, pl, etc.), If the code is not available, the default link is used.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   The link under the given key is selected based on your language code (de, en, pl, etc.). If the code is not available, the default link is used.
```

> - **OBSERVABILITY** – is used to render nodes in the navigation. The **label** parameter shows the name of the given service. The **path** parameter is used by Busola during the bootstrapping. Busola sends a request to the cluster address. The **path** value and the cluster must return the VirtualService object. If the object is found you receive an address to which the node in the navigation leads.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **OBSERVABILITY** – is used to render nodes in the navigation. The **label** parameter shows the name of the given service. The **path** parameter is used by Busola during the bootstrapping. Busola sends a request to the cluster address. The **path** value and the cluster must return the VirtualService object. If the object is found, you receive an address to which the node in the navigation leads.
```

Defualt settings:

```bash
"OBSERVABILITY": {
 "isEnabled": true,
 "config": {
   "links": [
     {
       "label": "Grafana",
       "path": "apis/networking.istio.io/v1beta1/namespaces/kyma-system/virtualservices/monitoring-grafana"
     },
     {
       "label": "Kiali",
       "path": "apis/networking.istio.io/v1beta1/namespaces/kyma-system/virtualservices/kiali"
     },
     {
       "label": "Tracing",
       "path": "apis/networking.istio.io/v1beta1/namespaces/kyma-system/virtualservices/tracing"
     }
   ]
 }
}
```

- **PROTECTED_RESOURCES** – is used to block the edit and delete functions based on the determined rules. If the resource meets the rule requirements, the resource becomes protected and cannot be edited/deleted.  

>   Each resource must have a match field, which is the list of key-value pairs. The proper rule description is when the definition given in the key matches the value.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  Each resource requires a **match** field, which includes a list of key-value pairs. The proper rule description is when the definition given in the key matches the value.
```

>   Each resource requires a **match** field, which includes a list of key-value pairs. The proper rule description is when the definition given in the key matches the value.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  Each resource requires the **match** field, which includes a list of key-value pairs. The proper rule description is when the definition given in the key matches the value.
```

>   Optionally, you can provide a **message** parameter, which displays a simple message, or **messageSrc**, which is a yaml path where the message to be displayed is included. If neither message nor messageSrc is provided, a generic message will be used.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  Optionally, you can provide the **message** parameter, which displays a simple message, or **messageSrc**, which is a yaml path where the message to be displayed is included. If neither **message** nor **messageSrc** is provided, a generic message is used.
```

Example:

```bash
"PROTECTED_RESOURCES": {
  "isEnabled":true,
  "config": {
    "resources": [
      {
        # matches a resource with label "foo" equal to "bar"
        "match": {
          "$.metadata.labels.foo": "bar"
        },
        # message to display in the tooltip
        "message": "This resource is protected"
      },
      {
        # matches a resource with both label "foo" equal to "bar" and label "baz" equal to "qux"
        "match": {
          "$.metadata.labels.foo": "bar",
          "$.metadata.labels.baz": "qux"
        },
        # source of the message to display in the tooltip
        "messageSrc": "$.metadata.annotations.protected-message"
      },
      {
        "match": {
          "$.metadata.labels.foo": "bar"
        }

>         # if neither "message" or "messageSrc" is given, a generic message will be used (from i18n files - key: common.protected-resource)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
        # if neither "message" or "messageSrc" is given, a generic message is used (from i18n files - key: common.protected-resource)
```

      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> The match keys and messageSrc must use format as described at

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The **match** keys and **messageSrc** must use the format described in the [`jsonpath` repository](https://github.com/dchester/jsonpath).
```

> <https://github.com/dchester/jsonpath>.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

```

> - **SENTRY** – is used to enable monitoring of uncaught exceptions, which then are analyzed and repaired. The address to which you send the information is located under the dsn key.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **SENTRY** – is used to enable monitoring of uncaught exceptions, which then are analyzed and repaired. The address to which you send the information is located under the **dsn** key.
```

Default settings:

```bash
"SENTRY ":{
  "isEnabled": false,
  "selectors":[ ],
  "config": {
    "dsn":""
  }
},
```

> - **SERVERLESS** – is used to show or hide the Serverless view as well as to define which Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) are required for the view to be shown properly.  

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **SERVERLESS** – is used to show or hide the Serverless view and to define which CRDs are required for the view to be shown properly.  
```

>   For the view to be shown, you must enable the feature and all the CRDs, defined in the selectors array, must exist in a cluster.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  For the view to be shown, you must enable the feature. Moreover, all the CRDs defined in the selectors array must exist in a cluster.
```

Default settings:

```bash
"SERVERLESS ":{
  "isEnabled": true,
  "selectors":[
    {
      "type":"apiGroup",
      "apiGroup":"serverless.kyma-project.io"
    }
  ]
},
```

> - **SERVICE_CATALOG** – is used to show or hide the Service Catalog views (Catalog, Instances, and Brokers) as well as to define which Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) are required for the view to be shown properly.  

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **SERVICE_CATALOG** – is used to show or hide the Service Catalog views (Catalog, Instances, and Brokers) and to define which CRDs are required for the view to be shown properly.  
```

>   > NOTE:  

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Both **SERVICE_CATALOG** and **SERVICE_CATALOG_ADDONS** features are used to determine if Service Bindings (in the **Configuration** tab) and environment variables injected by Service Bindings (in the **Code** Tab) are displayed in the Functions view.
```

>   SERVICE_CATALOG and SERVICE_CATALOG_ADDONS are also used to determine if Service Bindings (in Configuration tab) and environment variables injected by Service Bindings (in Code Tab) are displayed in the Functions view.  

Reviewer 4: I would use bold for **SERVICE_CATALOG** and  **SERVICE_CATALOG_ADDONS** or wouldn't use bold for any of the listed features.
```suggestion
  SERVICE_CATALOG and SERVICE_CATALOG_ADDONS are also used to determine if Service Bindings (in the **Configuration** tab) and environment variables injected by Service Bindings (in the **Code** tab) are displayed in the Functions view.  
```

>   For the view to be shown, you must enable the feature and all the CRDs, defined in the selectors array, must exist in a cluster.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  For the view to be shown, you must enable the feature. Moreover, all the CRDs defined in the selectors array must exist in a cluster.
```

>   > **SERVICE_CATALOG** and **SERVICE_CATALOG_ADDONS** are also used to determine if Service Bindings (in the **Configuration** tab) and environment variables injected by Service Bindings (in the **Code** Tab) are displayed in the Functions view.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

```

Default settings:

```bash
"SERVICE_CATALOG":{
  "isEnabled": true,
  "selectors":[
    {
      "type":"apiGroup",
      "apiGroup":"servicecatalog.k8s.io"
    }
  ]
},
```

> - **SERVICE_CATALOG_ADDONS** – is used to show or hide the Service Catalog Addons view as well as to define which Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) are required for the view to be shown properly.  

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **SERVICE_CATALOG_ADDONS** – is used to show or hide the Service Catalog Addons view and to define which CRDs are required for the view to be shown properly.  
```

>   SERVICE_CATALOG and SERVICE_CATALOG_ADDONS are also used to determine if Service Bindings (in Configuration tab) and environment variables injected by Service Bindings (in Code Tab) are displayed in the Functions view.  

Reviewer 4: The info is duplicated. See the suggestion above. Maybe you could remove the one above and make a NOTE out if it here?
